Add train command and dictgen command (#51)
daac-tools/vibrato: prepare/README.md

This command requires the four files, `lex.csv`, `matrix.def`, `char.def`, and `unk.def`, to be in the directory specified by `-r`.

## 2. Reordering mapping of connection ids

Vibrato supports faster tokenization by improving the locality of reference through mapping connection ids.

> To tokenize sentences in `reorder.txt` and reorder the mapping,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reordering steps consist of
1. computing statistics from training data of sentences,
2. producing the reordered mapping, and
3. editing the system dictionary with the reordered mapping.

To produce the reordered mapping from sentences in `train.txt`,
```
I think `train.txt` is more appropriate to indicate the role.
Since the original documentation was not informative, I fixed it.

run the following command.

```

> $ cargo run --release --bin reorder -- -i system.dic -o reordered < reorder.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cargo run --release --bin reorder -- -i system.dic -o reordered < train.txt
```
